# Webdriver running cucumber tests

After running the webdriver [getting started](https://webdriver.io/docs/gettingstarted.html) guide I made the following changes to the config file generated by accepting the defaults for the config command.

Under the section Specify Test Files which has the following comment:
    
>Define which test specs should run. The pattern is relative to the directory
>from which `wdio` was called. Notice that, if you are calling `wdio` from an
>NPM script (see https://docs.npmjs.com/cli/run-script) then the current working
>directory is where your package.json resides, so `wdio` will be called from there.

I changed the existing js path to this one which matches the cucumber guide:

```
specs: [
    './features/**/*.feature'
],
```

This path is relative to both the `wdio.config.js` file and the `package.json` file which is handy.

Under the section Test Configurations which has the following comment:

> Level of logging verbosity: trace | debug | info | warn | error | silent

I changed the logging level as it was very verbose with the default `info` I changed it to `error`:

```
logLevel: 'error',
```

Under the section Test Configurations which has the following comment:

>Framework you want to run your specs with.
>The following are supported: Mocha, Jasmine, and Cucumber
>see also: https://webdriver.io/docs/frameworks.html
>
>Make sure you have the wdio adapter package for the specific framework installed
>before running any tests.

I made the following amenment and addition, which required me to require `path` as a module at the top of the config:

```
framework: 'cucumber',
cucumberOpts: {
  require: [path.join(__dirname, 'features', 'steps', '*.js')],
},
```

This sets the test runner to cucumber but importantly also requires the `steps.js` file from the location that matches the cucumber guide.